Project Name - Github Application (you can also give it a name of your choice)
Deadline - 12 Days Project Description - This project should be a ready to deploy Github client. 
It must have all the features mentioned below and it must be deployed on a server before submission. You are allowed to use any kind of modules, libraries and tool you want. About the API - GitHub api is an open source API which gives you access to all Github Data.
Step 1​- Go to https://developer.github.com/v3/ and read the overview. 
Step 2​ - For authentication, use Basic Authentication method. ​You may create a dummy github account in case you don’t want to share your actual github credentials. 
Step 3 ​ - For performing authorization, use the Authorization API. Step 4​ - You may use Github Libraries also for ease of managing the request, authentication and authorization etc. Features of the Application -

Login View -​ ​User should be able to login to the system through his github account. Upon login, user should land on his User View​.
User View - ​Name, company, bio, followers, stars, repo url, public repos and gists count. (You may display other suitable information as well) a) Search box to search for usernames. Upon searching a username, search view should open b) List of public repos of user. c) List of public gists of user. d) List of followers. e) Upon clicking on any gist, user should land on his gist view. f) Upon clicking on any repo, user should land on repo's github page. g) Upon clicking, on any of the follower, its user dashboard should open.
Search View - ​Upon clicking on search button, User View,​ of that username, should open.
Error Views​ - You have to handle each error response with a different page. A few important conditions1) Design of the application must be done entirely by you from scratch using Bootstrap. You are not allowed to use templates that are already available on internet. Use of such templates will be considered plagiarism and your submission will be rejected.
You must follow all the industry practices taught to you in the training. You have to structure your application in the same way and write all the components and services yourself. You have to take a call on how many components and services should be there.
Rate limiting - You as a frontend developer have to ensure that your application is fast enough for good user experience. For quick response from API, rate limiting is suggested. You have to decide based on your judgement and your training on rate limit of each of the APIs you are using. In case of queries, reach out to us at support@edwisor.com 1 Evaluation Basis This project will be evaluated on following basis -
Quality of JavaScript code - ​Your application's Javascript code should be optimized to be readable with proper indentation and comments. It should be broken down into functions for better maintainability and it should not contain any logical bugs.
Intuitive Thinking - ​You have thinking intuitively and make the platform as easy to understand as possible. You have think about all the possible error cases and you have to handle them by giving alert messages to user. You must use elements like progress bars and loaders to handle the UX better.
Originality of code - ​Your code will be checked for plagiarism and if it's not original, it will be discarded with a negative skill score.
Quality of frontend application(Angular application) - ​Your frontend application should look good in terms of UI and UX. It should be fully responsive. All the best practices associated with design and Angular must be followed. Deliverables from Candidate
Project description - A TXT/Doc file containing the description of your project and all your assumptions. It should also describe the features of the project and also any extra features that you have coded to get extra marks for intuitive thinking.
Github repository link of this project should be mentioned in a TXT file.
You have to host the built version of the application on AWS and mention the URL of that application in the TXT file. In case of queries, reach out to us at support@edwisor.com 2 Always remember these evaluation basis, and your deadline. And your aim is to meet the deadline. Warning​ - Do not submit incomplete projects or projects that are not running. They will result in negative skill score. Do not seek help from your peer learners or anyone else. Your code will be checked for plagiarism at multiple stages and if you are found to be guilty of cheating, your submission will be discarded. In case of queries, reach out to us at support@edwisor.com 3
